Nowadays due to changing climatic conditions it's hard to predict the weather conditions. Given such unpredictable weather it’s hard to take precautions every day. We have to carry an umbrella always irrespective of the weather. Carrying it in hand every time is also a problem. This problem is for students and working people, who constantly need to engage themselves with mobile devices. So, there is a need of an automatic umbrella which doesn’t required to be held in hands. So that anyone who wants to works or use their mobile device even in rain, it shouldn’t be a problem.

The objective of our project is to help all the students, working people by making an handsfree umbrella with which they don’t have to worry about the weather and can effortlessly use their mobile devices even while walking in rain. Our project can turn your ordinary bag into a hybrid bag by having an umbrella attached to it. So, when ever rain starts just with push of a button the umbrella, which initially rests on the bag, opens up and protects us from the rain and also leaving our hands to do any work. Since ages we have been using the traditional umbrella which needs to be held in hand, which only protects the one under it and fails to protect his/her accessories from rain, and also restricts our hand to doing only one job i.e., holding the umbrella. But these problems won’t be anymore because with our project i.e., KAAS UMBRELLA, there is no need of catching it without hand which makes our hand restriction free, and also protects the person under it along with the accessories. These all can be done with an ease of just clicking a button. Moreover, we can also use this even if it’s not raining, to protect ourselves from the sun. this project comes in handy for all the seasons. In winter – to protect ourselves from snow, in summer – to protect ourselves from sun, in rain – to protect ourselves from rain. 
